Add supported TLS version info to air-gapped docs (#1280)
elastic/ingest-docs: docs/en/ingest-management/fleet/air-gapped.asciidoc

  docker.elastic.co/package-registry/distribution:{version}
----

> The {package-registry} supports TLS versions from 1.0 to 1.3, and defaults to version 1.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The {package-registry} supports TLS versions from 1.0 to 1.3. The minimum version can be configured with `EPR_TLS_MIN_VERSION`, it defaults to 1.0. If you want to restrict the supported versions from 1.2 to 1.3, you can use `EPR_TLS_MIN_VERSION=1.2`.
```
